##### statements, identifiers and keywords //语句、标识符、与关键字
##### use variables to store information //使用变量来存储信息
##### work with primitive data type //
##### arithmetic operators such as the plus sign (+) and the minus sign (-) //运算符 +、-
##### increment and decrement variables //递增、递减变量

### Understanding statements //理解语句
### Using identifiers //使用标识符
### Identifying keywords //关键字

|_abstract_|_do_|_in_|_protected_|_true_|
|----------|----|----|-----------|------|
|_as_      |_double_|_int_|_public_|_try_|
|_base_    |_else_  |_interface_   |_readonly_|_typeof_|
|_bool_    |_enum_  |_internal_    |_ref_     |_uint_  |
|_break_   |_event_ |_is_          |_return_  |_ulong_ |
|_byte_    |_explicit_|_lock_      |_sbyte_   |_unchecked_|
|_case_    |_extern_  |_long_      |_sealed_  |_unsafe_   |
|_catch_   |_false_   |_namespace_ |_short_   |_ushort_   |
|_char_    |_finally_ |_new_       |_sizeof_  |_using_    |
|_checked_ |_fixed_   |_null_      |_stackalloc_|_virtual_|
|_class_   |_float_   |_object_    |_static_    |_void_   |
|_const_   |_for_     |_operator_  |_string_    |_volatile_|
|_continue_|_foreach_ |_out_       |_struct_    |_while_   |
|_decimal_ |_goto_    |_override_  |_switch_    |          |
|_default_ |_if_      |_params_    |_this_      |          |
|_delegate_|_implicit_|_private_   |_throw_     |          |

#### C# also uses the following identifiers. These identifier are not reserved by C#, which means that you can use these names as identifiers for your own methods, variables, and classes, but you should avoid doing so if at all possible. //C# 还使用以下 标识符。这些标识符号并非由C# 存储，这意味着你能使用这些 名称 作为 标识符用作自己的 方法，变量，和类名，但实际上你需要尽可能避免
|_add_|_get_|_remove_|
|-----|-----|--------|
|_alias_|_global_|_select_|
|_ascending_|_group_|_set_|
|_async_|_into_|_value_|
|_await_|_join_|_var_|
|_descending_|_let_|_where_|
|_dynamic_|_orderby_|_yield_|
|_from_|_partial_|

### Using variables //使用变量

##### give unambiguous name that uniquely identifiers it in the context in which it is used, A _variable_ is a storage location that holds a value. //计算机内存中的存储位置，变量相当于一个盒子  

### Naming variables //命名变量
##### a constant naming convention helps to avoid confusion and can reduce the scope for bugs. the following list contains some general recommendations
- don't start an identifier with an underscore. Although this is legal in C#, it can limit the interoperability of the code with applications built by using other languages, such as Microsoft Visual Basic.
- Don't create identifier that differ only by case. For example, do not create one variable named _myVariable_ and another named _MyVariable_ for use at the same time because it is too easy to confuse one with the other. Also, defining identifiers that differ only by case can limit the ability to reuse classes in applications developed with other languages that are not case sensitive, such as Visual Basic.
- Start the name with a lowercase letter.// 小写字母开头
- In a multiword identifier, start the second and each subsequent word with an uppercase letter. (This is called camelCase notation.) //驼峰命名原则
- Don’t use Hungarian notation. (If you are a Microsoft Visual C++ developer, you are probably familiar with Hungarian notation. If you don’t know what Hungarian notation is, don’t worry about it!) //C++开发者熟悉的匈牙利命名原则

### Naming variables //命名变量
### Declaring variables  //声明变量
### Working with primitive data types //
### Unassigned local variables // 本地变量
### Displaying primitive data type values //

### Using arithmetic operators  //
### Operators and types // 运算符与类型
